Hey what is going on guys JT judgment
here and welcome back to another legend
review in FIFA 15 Ultimate Team today
we're gonna be taking a look at the 89
rated Italian centre-back Fabio
Cannavaro now a lot of you guys have
been requesting this review so I'm
really happy to bring you this you know
review on kind of our I hope you guys
enjoy it and I hope it doesn't
disappoint basically because I know a
lot of you I'm probably gonna want to
try this card out because looking at his
stats guys they are incredible moving
into his in-game stats guy is looking at
them for an 89 rated legend you'd think
of as little yellow stats as Lords of
red stats they really aren't the
greatest but when you look at his
defensive stats and the stats that are
important for a defender they are
ridiculous look at these guys 93 jumping
87 strengths 89 reactions 88
interceptions 90 head in accuracy 93
marking 86 sliding tackle and 93
stand-in tackle for a centre-back guys
those stats are absolutely incredible
not quickly before I get into the review
guys I want to give a massive shout-out
to the boy that let me use his account
to do this review he has let me use his
account to review a lot of legends and
players in Ultimate Team this this FIFA
so I want to give a massive shock don't
and a thank you to him a link he's gonna
be down below in the description taking
you to his account it would be
absolutely awesome for you guys to head
on over there show some support and say
a massive thank you to him for that now
going into you know the review of Fabio
Cannavaro I know a lot of you guys are
gonna be asking JT is he worth it
because I really don't want to use him
because of his height a lot of people
are gonna wanna you know avoid using him
because he's only 5 foot 9 and a lot of
people including me like to have at all
a center box you know the ideal center
back would be someone who's tall someone
who's strong someone who's got paste
someone who's got good work rate you
know the obvious stuff Fabio Cannavaro
has pretty much everything you want in a
defending a defender I should say sorry
apart from height when it comes to work
greats he has the perfect work rate slow
attack in high defend and when it comes
to
yes he's got pretty awesome pace in my
opinion he's more 73 Pierce on the card
but I've got to say guys he feels faster
than I he was catching up to nearly
everybody that tried to outpace him it
was awesome
maybe because he's short and he's maybe
more agile that makes him feel a little
bit quicker I don't know but he does not
feel like 73 Pierce guys it felt like a
little bit more than that for me
defensively the boy he was absolutely
bloody insane sliding tackles it was
incredible
standing tackles were awesome with this
guy marking intercept and it was just
incredible defensively you're gonna see
a lot of clips in this video like I do
with all the defenders that I do review
and it will it'll show you exactly what
the boy can do you know it's it's what
he does every single game what else is
there Pierce I've already mentioned
strength position and all that fun stuff
I've gotta say aerial ability even
though he's short he's everyone ability
was fantastic he is a centre-back that
jumps blood yell guys ten feet in the
air and there will be examples in this
video he did it lots of times for me he
would jump ten feet in the air to win
the ball and take the ball back for my
team it was awesome so even though he is
short he makes up for it by he is
jumping and head and accuracy it is
absolutely insane how high this boy
jumps to win the ball like I said
there's gonna be examples showing you
exactly what he can do in the clips his
weak foot for me was pretty awesome no
shooting in general with him was
terrible but shooting isn't you know a
must for a centre-back so even though it
is a weakness I'm not gonna count it as
a weakness towards his final rating
because like I said shooting it really
isn't important for a centre-back but
weak for when it came to you know pass
him and stuff like that I had absolutely
no problems with passing in general is
just insane with him absolutely
fantastic distributing the ball to the
midfield after making an insane
interception it was just absolutely
fantastic and starting plays and then
ended up scoring from those plays he did
it all the time for me it was absolutely
fantastic
now I didn't find any weaknesses other
than his shooting but like I said
shooting isn't a must for a centre-back
so I'm not going to let it affect his
rating guys I've got to give him a final
score of 10 out of 10
this boy is absolutely incredible if you
have the coins to spend on him guys I
highly recommend you do so because this
guy is easily one of the best legend
defenders that I have used so far but as
of right now guys Cannavaro is easily
one of my favorite centre-backs he's
just absolutely insane
don't let his height put you off because
like I've already mentioned two or three
times already he makes up for that with
amazing jumping and
it's just insane guys the clips will
show you exactly what he can do
fantastic defender in all that's gonna
wrap up this review on Fabio Cannavaro
guys I really do hope you enjoyed this
video please let me know in the comment
section down below what you thought of
him if you have used them leave a like
if this did help you decide whether or
not to buy yourself subscribe today for
more Legend reviews to come very soon
and as always from me guys please take
care and I will see you all next time
tada guys